abate
aberration
abhor, abhorrence
abstruse
accost
acrimony
acumen
adamant
adept
adroit
affected
alacrity
allocate
altruistic, altruism
amenable
amiable
amicable
antediluvian
anthropology
antipathy
apathetic, apathy
apt
arcane
ascendancy
ascetic, asceticism
aspire
assail
assiduous
assuage
atrophy
attenuate
august
aura
auspicious
autocrat, autocratic
automaton
avarice
banal
barrage
belie
belligerent
benevolent
bequeath
berate
bipartisanship
blighted
bog
bolster
bombastic
boorish, boorishness
buoyant
burgeon
buttress
byzantine
cacophonous, cacophony
cajole
callous
cantankerous(ness)
capricious
castigate
caustic
censorious
censure
cerebral
chagrin
charlatan
chastise
chide
churlish
circuitous
circumscribe
circumvent
clandestine
coalesce
compendious
complacency, complacent
compliant, compliance
conciliate, conciliatory
concur
conflagration
confluence
congenial
conscientious
consternation
contempt(uous)
contemptible
contentious
convivial
copious
corroborate
cosmopolitan
credulity, credulous
culpable
cursory
dauntless
dearth
debacle
debilitate(d)
debunk
decimate
decorum, decorous
deference, deferential
degradation
deleterious
delineate
demonstrative
demure, demurral
demystify
denigrate
depose
depravity
deprecate
depreciation, depreciatory
deride
derivative
derogatory, derogate
desecration
despondent
despot
destitute
deterrent
devoid
didactic
diffident, diffidence
diffuse
digress(ion)
dilatory
diminutive, diminution
dire
discern, discerning
discomfited
discount (verb)
disheartening
disillusionment
disingenuous
disparage
dispassionate
dispel
disputatious
disquiet(ing)
disseminate
distaste
divergent
divisive
divulge
doctrine
dogmatic
dormant
dupe
duplicitous, duplicity
ebullient
eclectic
efface(ment)
effervesce
egalitarian
elated, elation
elicit
elucidate
elude
elusive
embitter(ed)
embroil(ed)
empathetic, empathy
empiric(al)
encompass
encroaching
encumbrance
enigma(tic)
enumerate
ephemeral
epiphany
epitome, epitomize
equanimity
equitable
equivocal
erudite, erudition
esoteric
estrange, estrangement
eulogy, eulogize
evoke
exacting
excavate
exemplar
exhibitionist, exhibitionistic
exhort
exorbitant
expedient
expos√©
extol
extricate
facile
faction
fallacious
fallacy
fanaticism
fastidious
fathom (verb)
felicitous
finesse
flagrant
flippant, flippancy
florid(ity)
flummox
folly
foolhardy
forlorn
fortitude
fortuitous
fraudulent
frugal(ity)
furor
furtive
futile, futility
gait
gallant(ry)
gargantuan
garish
genial
germinate
glutton(ous)
grandiose
hackneyed
hamper (verb)
hardy
hasten
heresy, heretic
histrionic
hubris
idiosyncracy, idiosyncratic
idyllic
ignominy, ignominious
illicit
impasse
imperious
impetuous
impudence, impudent
inane
incongruity, incongruous
incredulous, incredulity
incriminate
incubate
indeterminate
indict(ment)
indigenous
indignant
indiscriminate
indolent
indomitable
induce
indulgent
ineffable
ineptitude
inert, inertia
ingenuous
inherent
inhibit(ing)
innate
innocuous
innuendo
inscrutable
insipid
insolence, insolent
instigate
insular(ity)
intrepid
inundate
invoke
irate
irony, ironic
irreverent, irreverence
jaded
jocular
jovial
judicious
lackadaisical
laconic
laggard
languid
latent, latency
laud, laudatory
listless
lithe
lucid
lucrative
lull
lurid
luxuriant
magnanimity, magnanimous
malleable
marred
maudlin
melancholy
mercenary
mercurial
miserly
mitigate, mitigator
modicum
morose
motley
multifarious
nebulous
nefarious
neophyte
notoriety, notorious
noxious
nuance
obdurate
obstinate (obstinacy)
officious
onerous
opportunist, opportunistic
oracle
orthodox
ostensible
oversight
pacifist
pacify
painstaking
palliate, palliative
paradigm
parch
parody
partisan
patronize
paucity
pedant, pedantic, pedantry
peevish
penchant
penurious
peremptory
perfunctory
peripheral
perquisite
petulant
philanthropist, philanthropic
piety, pious
placate
placid
plasticity
plausible, plausibility
plethora, plethoric
pliable, pliant
polemical
prattle
precarious
precipitate
preclude
precocious
presumptuous
pretext
prevaricator
procure
prodigious
profound, profundity
profuse, profusion
prohibitive, prohibition
proliferate, proliferation
prolific
pronouncement
propensity
proponent
prosaic
prospective
provident
provincial
punctilious
pundit
quell
quixotic
rampant
ramshackle
rancor(ous)
rapport
ratify
raucous
ravenous
raze
reap
rebuttal
recalcitrant
recant
recessive
recluse, reclusive
rectify, rectitude
redolent
refutation, refute
regressive
relegate
relinquish
renounce
repertory
reprehensible
reprimand
reproach
repudiate
repugnant
rescind
reticent, reticence
reverent
rhetoric(al), rhetorician
rouse, rousing
sage
sanctimonious
sanction (verb)
sanctity
sanguine
satiate
satire, satirical, satirize
saturate
scanty
scathing
scintillating
scope
scrupulous
scrutinize, scrutiny
self-righteous
self-serving
serendipity
servile
shrewd
shroud
simile
slight (verb)
slipshod
solace
solicitous(ness)
somber
sophistry
spartan
sporadic
spurious
spurn
squander
stagnant, stagnation
stark(ness)
static (adjective)
staunch
steadfast
stock (adjective)
strident
stupefy, stupefaction
subservient
substantiate
subversive
succulent
supercilious
superfluous
supplant
surfeit
susceptible
sycophant
tangential
teem, teeming
temperamental
temporize
tenacious, tenacity
tenuous
tirade
toady
torpor
totalitarian
tout
tractable
transient
treatise
trepidation
tribulation
trifling
trite
truculent, truculence
ubiquitous
unabashed
uncanny
uncouth
unfathomable
ungainly
unruly
unwitting
urbane
usurp
vacuous, vacuity
vanquish
vapid
venal(ity)
venerable
verbose
vicarious
vigilant
vindicate, vindication
vindictive
virtuoso, virtuosity
virulent
viscous
vocation
vying
waning
wayward
wrath
wry
zealot